The Green Recommendation logic was added, but no recommendations appear after I complete the Green Assessment.

Please debug and fix the frontend integration.

Important: I do not want an AI chatbot or AI agent. I only want rule-based recommendations generated directly in the frontend from the Green Score result.

Please do the following:

Find the exact component that displays the Green Score results after assessment submission.
Find the recommendation utility that was created, such as:
greenRecommendations.ts
Import the recommendation function into the Green Score results component.
Generate recommendations using the actual Green Score API response.

The API response contains data similar to:

{
  "green_score": 65,
  "grade": "B",
  "categories": {
    "energy": {
      "score": 55,
      "weight": 0.3
    },
    "water": {
      "score": 70,
      "weight": 0.2
    },
    "transportation": {
      "score": 45,
      "weight": 0.25
    },
    "certifications": {
      "score": 30,
      "weight": 0.25
    }
  }
}

Use the real response structure already used in the project. Do not invent a new API response shape.

Get the business sector from the authenticated user's business profile or existing onboarding data.
Call the recommendation function only after both the Green Score result and sector are available.

Example logic:

const recommendations = getGreenRecommendations({
  sector: businessSector,
  categories: result.categories,
  assessmentData: assessmentData
});

Adapt this to the actual variable names and structure in the project.

Render the recommendations directly below the category scores on the results page.

Add this section:

Your Green Improvement Plan

Add the text:

These recommendations are prioritized using your sector and assessment results.

Display every recommendation as a card containing:

Category
Title
Description
Priority
Expected impact
Action step
Ensure this section appears:
Immediately after a successful assessment submission
When a returning user opens their previous Green Score
After the user retakes the assessment
Add temporary console logs for debugging:
console.log("Green result:", result);
console.log("Business sector:", businessSector);
console.log("Generated recommendations:", recommendations);

Use the actual variables in the project.

Fix any mismatch between category names.

The recommendation function must support these exact keys:

energy
water
transportation
certifications
If the recommendations array is empty, display:
No recommendations could be generated. Please verify your business sector and assessment details.
Do not hide the recommendation section because renewable energy share is missing. Renewable energy share should only affect energy-specific recommendations.
Do not modify the Green Score backend algorithm or API endpoint.
After fixing it, tell me:
Which results component was changed
Which recommendation file was used
What caused the recommendations not to display
The exact API property names used
Whether recommendations now appear after submission and for returning users